So, for this demo, you'll need Minikube installed on your machine.
First, let's create a cluster in Minikube.
If you use the start minikube command, Minikube will use the default driver.
As you can see, I also have Docker running in my system,
and I'm using Docker as my default driver.
If Minikube finds that you're running Docker on your local system,
it just lends itself as a container in Docker.
You might as well run into this issue, that says,
due to the networking limitations of Docker on Darwin, ingress add-on is not supported.
So, this bug is all about the ingress add-on not being supported on Docker driver on macOS
due to the limitation on Docker bridge for Mac.
By the time this training is released, the bug might be resolved,
and you might not encounter the issue.
But, if you did, here's a way to make it work.
Let's delete this cluster,
and use this command.
Now, you can use Minikube with a VM-based driver,
as it will not work on Docker; instead, it will work in a VM.
Let's try enabling ingress.
Yes, we see that it's enabled.
Now, with this command, we can run Minikube on a VM-based driver.
Now, with this command, we will install Istio control plane,
which we will use in this training a lot.
Be careful, this command will download the latest Istio release to the current directory,
so make sure you download it somewhere safe and reliable.
At the time of this recording, the latest release is already installed,
the latest release of Istio is 1.10.3, so this might be different in your case.
Now, move to the Istio package directory.
This directory is also named with the Istio version we downloaded.
Let's see what we got with the Istio package.
We have the license and README files.
There are lots of samples in the samples folder,
and Istio client binary is in /bin.
In the samples folder, we have our sample application that will be used throughout the course,
and also there are other interesting examples,
you can go search for more information in the Istio docs.
Let's see what's in the tools folder, nothing much.
Now with this command in Linux and macOS, we add the Istio control client to our path.
Let's check if Istio control plane is installed.
Yes, it is, and it is running in 1.10.3.
Now, using the Istio control plane, let's check if our cluster has Istio installed.
Hmm, well, that's because it does not.
As you can see, it is telling us there is no Istio control plane.
Let's install Istio on our cluster now.